---
title: Inspiration Through Email
---
<p>As some of you know by now Google Reader shut down on July 1, 2013. I've tried to find suitable alternatives but have come up empty handed. I use Reader constantly throughout the day and have come depend on it for inspirational links and articles. But, in the last month or two I've been using email more to find links and articles related to web design. Here are some of my favorites so far. I hope this are helpful.</p><h3>Sidebar.io</h3><p>Sidebar is my favorite link list right now. Sent out once a day around 8:30am, Sidebar contains the top 5 design links/articles of the previous day.Links can be submitted by anyone but only the top 5 are chosen by the Sidebar editors. I like Sidebar because it's links cover a wide range of topics from typography, iOS design, user experience, to general gallery websites.&nbsp;<a href="http://sidebar.io/">website</a></p><hr><h3>Responsive Web Design Weekly</h3><p>RWDW is a weekly email that contains links, interviews, websites, and tutorials around the topic of responsive web design. I've been doing a lot of responsive web design lately so receiving these links have been very helpful for my work. The highlight of RWDW are the interviews. I love reading about how other designers tackle responsive design and what their processes are.&nbsp;<a href="http://responsivedesignweekly.com/">website</a></p><hr><h3>37signals</h3><p>37signals is the founding company for Basecamp, Highrise, and Campfire. They have a great blog at&nbsp;<a href="http://37signals.com/svn">Signal vs. Noise</a> but I don't read it as much as I used too. That's were this newsletter comes in handy. Once a month they hand pick their top posts and include them in the newsletter.I've always looked up to Jason Fried and Ryan Singer as some of the brightest minds in the business and respect their thoughts on business and design.&nbsp;<a href="http://37signals.com/incoming-transmission">website</a></p><hr><h3>Jonathan Moore</h3><p>This is a new one for me though I've been following Jonathan on Tumblr for years.Jonathan's newsletter is a little different than the others. His newsletter comes out once a week on Monday and is meant to give you a little kick in the ass and in his words "help you take action on your ideas, spark creativity, and brave the unknown!". What more do you want on a Monday?&nbsp;<a href="http://jonathanmoore.us7.list-manage2.com/subscribe?u=38bbd51fd77dbff9c1354bb00&id=c479461ba4">website</a></p><hr>